Add 0.10.0 change log (#997)
apache/pulsar-client-go: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

[0.10.0] 2023-03-27

## Feature
* Support chunking for big messages. by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/805
* Add BackoffPolicy to `reader` and improve test case by @labuladong in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/889

> * Support cumulative acknowledge by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/903

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support cumulative acknowledgment by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/903
```

* Allow CustomProperties when sending message for retry by @ngoyal16 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/916
* Support batch index ACK by @BewareMyPower in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/938
* Support Exclusive Producer access mode. by @shibd in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/944
* Add transactionCoordinatorClient by @liangyepianzhou in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/953
* Support memory limit for producer. by @shibd in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/955
* Support grouping ACK requests by time and size by @BewareMyPower in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/957
* Support WaitForExclusive producer access mode. by @shibd in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/958
* Support Copper Argos in the Athenz auth provider by @massakam in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/960
* Support auto release idle connections by @RobertIndie in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/963
* Support batch index ACK and max number of messages in batch by @BewareMyPower in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/967

> * Support auto scaled consumer receiver queue by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/976

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support auto-scaled consumer receiver queue by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/976
```

* Implement transactionImpl by @liangyepianzhou in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/984
* Expose the chunk config of consumer to the reader by @CrazyCollin in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/987
* Support consumer client memory limit by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/991

## Improve

> * Nack the message in dlqrouter when send errors by @leizhiyuan in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/592

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Nack the message in dlqrouter when sending errors by @leizhiyuan in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/592
```

> * Fix tls for certificate that does not include IP SANS, save hostname before switching to physical addr by @dinghram in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/812

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix TLS certificates that do not include IP SANS, save hostname before switching to a physical address by @dinghram in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/812
```

* Read module version info from golang runtime by @pgier in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/856
* Fix typo in consumer.go by @sekfung in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/857
* Fix marshalling time.Time{} to uint64 by @aymkhalil in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/865
* Use the `DATA` constant as prefix in OAuth2 KeyFileProvider by @Niennienzz in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/866
* Fix bot cannot get the pr link by @RobertIndie in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/868
* Fix PR template by @RobertIndie in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/869
* Add go test flag '-v' for more clearly CI log by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/871
* Fix the dispatcher() stuck caused by availablePermitsCh by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/875
* Fix the Send() stuck caused by callback() not being called by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/880
* Fix the data race of ackReq.err by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/881

> * Add data url format to read the key file by @nodece in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/883

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add data URL format to read the key file by @nodece in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/883
```

* Prevent consumer panic on de-serializing message if schema not found by @GPrabhudas in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/886

> * Fix load tls certificate by @nodece in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/888

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the conditions of loading TLS certificate by @nodece in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/888
```

* Move out the auth package from internal by @nodece in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/914
* Remove the `clearMessageQueuesCh` in `partitionConsumer.dispatcher()` by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/921
* Remove the outdated interface description of `SeekByTime` by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/924
* Handle nil value message correctly in table-view by @Demogorgon314 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/930
* Migrate from the deprecated io/ioutil package by @reugn in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/942
* Update the Cobra library to significantly reduce the dependency tree by @reugn in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/943
* Remove go1.11 code leftovers by @reugn in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/946
* Use pkg.go.dev badge in the readme by @reugn in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/947
* Improve test script by @nodece in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/951
* Optimize the performance by passing MessageID implementations by pointers by @BewareMyPower in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/968

> * Fix flaky Key_Shared subscription related tests by @BewareMyPower in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/970

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix flaky Key_Shared subscription-related tests by @BewareMyPower in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/970
```

* Refactor the toTrackingMessageID() by @Gleiphir2769 in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/972

> * Prevent rpc client panic on rpc response if `ProducerReady` is nil by @sekfung in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/973

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Prevent RPC client panic on RPC response if `ProducerReady` is nil by @sekfung in https://github.com/apache/pulsar-client-go/pull/973
```
BTW, is 'nil' a correct value or short for something else?

Author: Yes, it represents `null` in go.
